welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
the untamed
a young mother of two alejandra is
unhappy in her marriage to her husband
angel who is in a secret affair with
alejandra's brother
a nurse named fabian in public however
angel makes fun of fabian and gays in
general
alejandra is desperately unhappy in her
marriage and extremely sexually
frustrated
while in the shower she masturbates and
almost
reaches an orgasm until her kids knock
on the door
interrupting her veronica as a young
woman who is sexually infatuated with a
tentacled alien creature
originating from a crashed meteor that
an elderly couple keep in a barn in the
countryside
she has been visiting the alien for
years having sexual encounters where the
creature brings her to orgasm
having never injured her in the past the
creature suddenly bites her in the
abdomen
at the hospital she is cared for by
fabian
and makes friends with him when she
tells the older couple she wants to
continue visiting the alien
they forbid it as it has become
dangerous for her
angel visits fabian and angrily demands
to know why fabian has not answered his
texts
fabian informs him that their affair is
over
veronica entices fabian to visit the
barn
but later fabian is found naked in a
field
sexually assaulted and beaten into a
coma
as he lays in the hospital alejandra
finds his phone and reads the angry
texts from angel
where angel demands sex from him
threatening violence
angel is arrested at work and alejandra
testifies against him
as does one of fabian's co-workers who
witness their disputes
veronica brings alejandra to the farm
where the couple tell her about how the
alien arrived when something from the
sky made a crater in a field near the
farm
in the crater animals of all sorts are
wildly copulating
alejandra is drugged by the couple and
escorted into the barn
where the alien pleasures her she
continues to visit the barn
even sometimes bringing her kids along
when she can't find anyone to watch them
for her
they play outside while she joins her
body with that of the creature
the elderly couple become increasingly
concerned by the creature's capacity for
violence
veronica attempts to form a sexual
relationship with a man
but he cannot satisfy her as the
creature did
angel's wealthy parents use their
influence to have their son released
from jail
posting bail by selling his house
they berate him for embarrassing them so
badly and insist he leave town and never
return
instead he visits alejandra in hopes of
reuniting his family
she tells him that she now knows he
didn't hurt fabian
but he hits her when she says that they
are done
when he tries to pull a gun on her he
accidentally shoots himself in the leg
alejandra helps him into her truck but
drives into the countryside
she drags a semi-conscious angel into
the barn
where she finds veronica dead as
alejandra leaves the creature lowers
itself from the ceiling towards
angel later the older man and alejandra
dump the bodies of veronica and angel
into a pit where alejandra comments on
how rapidly the pit is filling
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you